docs(api): add invalidate to HMR api (#3703)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/hot-module-replacement.md

```

### `invalidate`

Calling this method will invalidate the current module, which disposes and recreates it when the HMR update is applied. This bubbles like a normal update of this module. `invalidate` can't be self-accepted by this module.

When called during the `idle` state, a new HMR update will be created containing this module. HMR will enter the `ready` state.

When called during the `ready` or `prepare` state, this module will be added to the current HMR update.

When called during the `check` state, this module will be added to the update when an update is available. If no update is available it will create a new update. HMR will enter the `ready` state.

When called during the `dispose` or `apply` state, HMR will pick it up after getting out of those states.

### Use Cases

__Conditional Accepting__

A module can accept a dependency, but can call `invalidate` when the change of the dependency is not handleable:

```js
import { x, y } from './dep';
import { processX } from 'anotherDep';

const oldY = y;

processX(x);

> export default processY(y);

Reviewer: And this one?

Author: Oops! My bad.

```

### `invalidate`

> Calling this method will invalidate the current module which disposes and recreates this module when the HMR update is applied. This bubbles like a normal update of this module. `invalidate` can't be self-accepted by this module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling this method will invalidate the current module, which disposes and recreates it when the HMR update is applied. This bubbles like a normal update of this module. `invalidate` can't be self-accepted by this module.
```

When called during the `idle` state, a new HMR update will be created containing this module. HMR will enter the `ready` state.

When called during the `ready` or prepare `state`, this module will be added to the current HMR update.

> When called during the `check` state, the module will be added to the update when an update is available. If no update is available it will create a new update. HMR will enter the `ready` state.

Reviewer: Consistency:
```suggestion
When called during the `check` state, this module will be added to the update when an update is available. If no update is available it will create a new update. HMR will enter the `ready` state.
```

> When called during the `dispose` or `apply` state, HMR will automatically do an additional dispose and apply cycle after the current cycle has finished.

Reviewer: Which cycle? The word cycle never mentioned in the context of this sentence, can you clarify what it means for `apply cycle after the current cycle`. Maybe meaning When called during dispose or apply state, HMR will pick it up after getting out of those states?

### Use Cases

__Conditional Accepting__

> A module can accept a dependency, but can call invalidate when the change of the dependency is not handle-able:

Reviewer: here, invalidate refers to an actual method
```suggestion
A module can accept a dependency, but can call `invalidate` when the change of the dependency is not handle-able:
```

```js
import { x, y } from './dep';

const oldY = y;

> processX(x);

Reviewer: Where is this coming from ? Looks like `ReferenceError: processX is not defined`

Author: imported from another file. Updated 👍

export default processY(y);

module.hot.accept('./dep', () => {
  if(y !== oldY) {
    // This can't be handled, bubble to parent
    module.hot.invalidate();
    return;
  }
  // This can be handled
  processX(x);
});
```

__Conditional self accept__

A module can self-accept itself, but can invalidate itself when the change is not handle-able:

```javascript
const VALUE = 'constant';

export default VALUE;

if(module.hot.data && module.hot.data.value && module.hot.data.value !== VALUE) {
  module.hot.invalidate();
} else {

  doSomeSideeffect();

  module.hot.accept();
  module.hot.dispose(data => {
    revertSomeSideeffect();
    data.value = VALUE;
  });
}
```

__Triggering custom HMR updates__

```javascript
const moduleId = chooseAModule();
const code = __webpack_modules__[moduleId].toString();
__webpack_modules__[moduleId] = eval(`(${makeChanges(code)})`);
if(require.cache[moduleId]) {
  require.cache[moduleId].hot.invalidate();
  module.hot.apply();
}
```

> T> When `invalidate` is called, the [`dispose`](#dispose-or-adddisposehandler) handler will eventually called and fill `module.hot.data`. If no [`dispose`](#dispose-or-adddisposehandler) handler is registered an empty object is still provided for `module.hot.data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> When `invalidate` is called, the [`dispose`](#dispose-or-adddisposehandler) handler will be eventually called and fill `module.hot.data`. If [`dispose`](#dispose-or-adddisposehandler) handler is not registered, an empty object will be supplied to `module.hot.data`.
```

> W> Make sure to not get catched in an `invalidate` loop, by calling `invalidate` again and again. This will result in stack overflow and HMR entering the `fail` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> Do not get caught in an `invalidate` loop, by calling `invalidate` again and again. This will result in stack overflow and HMR entering the `fail` state.
```
